hi girls how are you my name is Patricia
Neville and I'm a fashion designer
welcome to wedding I seemed at tv.com
today we're going to talk about Elena no
no Elena the girl Elena the shoes so let
me show them to you
Carly's wearing these beautiful sandals
they are kind of strappy with beautiful
rhinestones in the front kind of
diagonal I love this pair of shoes
because it's very airy and sexy but
they're not very high so this is perfect
for the girl who doesn't want a very
high heel I still want to be with a
strappy sandals that are sexy enough
perfect shoe for outside and I tell you
why the heel really is thick even though
it seems to be very thin it has like
almost an inch of surface so it will
prevent from sinking in any area they
are silk uppers and leather soles they
seem to be comfortable at sandals that
are strapped it can be girls remember
these are jazz and almost a quarter of
an inch thick so if your feet are narrow
and easy to go on a three inches is
perfect but if you are not comfortable
with that height I will not suggest to
go with this sandal great so now that we
show you this sandals let me tell you
then a little more about the components
of them the rhinestones are Swarovski
they are really well made they are made
in China but they look like the way it
made many Nutella cos they're really
beautiful
anyway let me know if what you think
about them they have a little elastic by
the way so what the Yenko so it gives
you a little more movement and let me
know what you think I will look forward
to all your comments and I'll see you
next time
you